---
layout: post
title: My goals list
ref: goals
lang: en
tags: personal
---

I wanted to open a blog for a long time, but excuses like "I don't have time" or "No one will read it", etc. always stopped me from doing so.

The truth is that by opening this blog and sharing it in the various social networks I can reach to more people and leave some kind of mark on the Internet.

Those who know me know that I'm not active in social networks. I don't take many pictures of myself and I don't like publicity. But a few weeks ago I read Yuval Abramovich's book "The List".
The book is about **shouting your dreams to the world** and that's what I decided to do here.

After reading it I did some thinking and wrote down my goals for the near future.

And the result:

- [ ] Open a blog and keep writing in it.
- [ ] Keep going to the nutritionist, work out in the gym and get shredded. The goal is 80 kilos and 10% fat.
- [ ] Meet women and go on dates to get a girlfriend.
- [ ] Go to Slovakia and Norway to visit my sister and my father whom I haven't seen for years.
- [ ] Join a running group and finish a half marathon.
- [ ] Meet with a speech therapist and learn to speak clearly.
- [ ] Volunteer in a community.
- [ ] Correct vision using laser surgery.
- [ ] Travel here in Israel and finish the Israel National Trail.
- [ ] Learn to dance salsa.
- [ ] Read 50 books a year.
- [ ] Expand my social circle, get in contact with old friends again and meet new people.
- [ ] Invest money - open an investment portfolio, become a business partner, buy a house for renting.
- [ ] Make the most of my last position in the service.
- [ ] Learn Japanese, learn all the Kanji letters needed to read, practice the language.

_The list is ordered randomly._

By publishing my goals I'm commited to myself and you the readers to make efforts to complete my goals.

Think you can help in any way? Contact me and I will try to pay you back somehow.
